hi
this is my 812 Hammond organ sounds
pretty amazing actually it runs through
a Leslie 122 draw or set up is is
classic it's a great sound in order
so it sounds pretty good
you hear the the tubes working really
hard
it has percussion on it even which is
you can program it make some
modifications to make it exactly the
same as the B 3 it has fold back
actually so the sound is actually B 3
some say this one sounds better than a
couple of B 3 they know so that's a good
thing this is the percussion your
several there are five possible
percussion settings with some other
stuff which you never use it has fib
rato or chorus which I can't demonstrate
like this is without that's with it
ah
and everything works great every drawbar
works excellent
there's 25 base pedals which are nice as
I said is connected to a Leslie 122
which you can see right here at least
the connector kit and all the nice tubes
we've been replacing many caps lately so
it's actually in a great shape right now
you can see the tone wheel spinning
nicely very nice and this is the Leslie
Leslie 122 which you can see inside here
you can see the horn spinning you can
see the amp the base rotor so that's it
I hope you like it bye bye